<h1> Journey Horizon: The Proof of Credibility for employee & employer</h1>
<p style="text-align: center;">Vu Thanh Tam</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">tam.vu@journeyh.io</p>

# Legal Disclaimer

Nothing in this White Paper is an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any tokens. Journey Horizon is publishing this White Paper solely to receive feedback and comments from the public. 

If and when Journey Horizon offers for sale any tokens (or a Simple Agreement for Future Tokens), it will do so through definitive offering documents, including a disclosure document and risk factors. 

Those definitive documents also are expected to include an updated version of this White Paper, which may differ significantly from the current version. 

If and when Journey Horizon makes such an offering, it likely will be available solely to accredited investors. Nothing in this White Paper should be treated or read as a guarantee or promise of how Journey Horizon business or the tokens will develop or of the utility or value of the tokens. 

This White Paper outlines current plans, which could change at its discretion, and the success of which will depend on many factors outside Journey Horizon control, including market-based factors and factors within the data and cryptocurrency industries, among others. 

Any statements about future events are based solely on Journey Horizon analysis of the issues described in this White Paper. That analysis may prove to be incorrect.

# Abstract

This paper proposes the solution for verifying the credibility of an employee on blockchain. We would make sure of the blockchain nature which is based on a list of proofs, Proof of Work (PoW), Proof of history (PoH), Proof of History (PoH),...etc to ensure the reputation of the receiver is genuine. 

# I) Introduction

Blockchain has been gaining tractions for the past decades and is largely known for the concept of cryptocurrency which is now blooming into a large market. But the Journey Horizon team believe that there are much more to it, and one of the first problem that we are trying to solve with Blockchain is to use the token from the blockchain to help employer recognize suitable employee and vice verse.

## 1) The Problem

Although there have been lots of business for both the employer and employee to review and verify each other (Linkedin, Glassdoor,...etc), they are all centralized and controlled by a company. Which means, there would be a risk of data tempering and the voice of the people would be overridden by data manipulation. Let's take a look at the problem from both side:

### 1.1) Employee
- How would employees know employers did not pay the sites to increase their reputation?
- How would employees ensure that their voices can be heard and is not covered up by giant firms?
- How would employees knows that their rating is not adjusted?

### 1.2) Employer
- How would employers verify the employee's knowledge? It would never be just about diploma, it would involve the proof of their work history.
- How would employers quickly verify diploma/credibility issues by an institute/company? The world is getting flat, with the help of the internet and a person working for a Vietnam company today, can be working for a firm in Europe.

## 2) The Solution

If it's for the people, it should be from the people. We would make use of Blockchain immutability nature and the ability to delegate

## II) Outline

- [Legal Disclaimer](#legal-disclaimer)
- [Abstract](#abstract)
- [I) Introduction](#i-introduction)
  - [1) The Problem](#1-the-problem)
    - [1.1) Employee](#11-employee)
    - [1.2) Employer](#12-employer)
  - [2) The Solution](#2-the-solution)
  - [II) Outline](#ii-outline)
- [III) Model of Relationship](#iii-model-of-relationship)
  - [1) Stakeholders](#1-stakeholders)
  - [2) The Fundamental](#2-the-fundamental)
  - [3) Foreseen Problems](#3-foreseen-problems)
    - [3.1) Who Watch The Watcher?](#31-who-watch-the-watcher)
    - [3.2) Selling Of Credits vs Endorsing](#32-selling-of-credits-vs-endorsing)
    - [3.3) Finding Validators](#33-finding-validators)
    - [3.4) Building Trust](#34-building-trust)
- [IV) Building the chain](#iv-building-the-chain)
  - [1) Solutions & Comparison](#1-solutions--comparison)
  - [2) Choosing The Solution](#2-choosing-the-solution)
- [V) Milestones](#v-milestones)
  - [1) Chain Creation](#1-chain-creation)
  - [2) Wallet & Distribute Platform](#2-wallet--distribute-platform)
  - [3) Token distribution](#3-token-distribution)
  - [4) Finding Validators](#4-finding-validators)
  - [5) Internal Testing](#5-internal-testing)
  - [6) Testnet](#6-testnet)
  - [7) Mainnet](#7-mainnet)
- [VI) References](#vi-references)

# III) Model of Relationship

## 1) Stakeholders

## 2) The Fundamental

## 3) Foreseen Problems

### 3.1) Who Watch The Watcher?

### 3.2) Selling Of Credits vs Endorsing

### 3.3) Finding Validators

### 3.4) Building Trust

# IV) Building the chain

## 1) Solutions & Comparison

## 2) Choosing The Solution

# V) Milestones

## 1) Chain Creation

## 2) Wallet & Distribute Platform

## 3) Token distribution

## 4) Finding Validators

## 5) Internal Testing

## 6) Testnet

## 7) Mainnet

# VI) References